CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to one-click-mlflow
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2. If needed, update the documentation.
3. Make sure your code works.
4. Issue that pull request!

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/briandk/transcriptase-atom/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](); it's that easy!


**Great Bug Reports** :

Follow the GitHub issue template and give as many informations as you can.

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE.

Commit message:

add: request contributers to add licence to every file

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to one-click-mlflow
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2. If needed, update the documentation.
3. Make sure your code works.
4. Don't forget to add licence header to every file if you added any.
5. Issue that pull request!

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/briandk/transcriptase-atom/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](); it's that easy!


**Great Bug Reports** :

Follow the GitHub issue template and give as many informations as you can.

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE.
